README.md, before:

# Flixter
A movie browsing app that lets a user view and scroll through a list of movies

**Flixter** is a movies app using the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

Time spent: **10** hours spent in total

The following functionality was implemented:

- User sees an app icon on the home screen and a styled launch screen.
- User can view a list of movies currently playing in theaters from The Movie Database.
- Poster images are loaded using the UIImageView category in the AFNetworking library.
- User sees a loading state while waiting for the movies API.
- User can pull to refresh the movie list.
- User sees an error message when there's a networking error.
- User can tap a tab bar button to view a grid layout of Movie Posters using a CollectionView.

- User can tap a poster in the collection view to see a detail screen of that movie
- User can search for a movie.
- [ ] All images fade in as they are loading.
- [ ] User can view the large movie poster by tapping on a cell.
- [ ] For the large poster, load the low resolution image first and then switch to the high resolution image when complete.
- [ ] Customize the selection effect of the cell.
- [ ] Customize the navigation bar.
- [ ] Customize the UI.
- [ ] Run your app on a real device.


## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [Kap](https://getkap.co/).

## Notes
The challenges I encountered whilst building this app was configuring the Table and Collection Views and refatoring code as I added features on top of the app. It was also difficult to create the search bar and debug displaying search results.

## Credits
- [AFNetworking](https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking) - networking task library

Commit message:

Implement movie trailer view presentation

README.md, after:

# Flixter
A movie browsing app that lets a user view and scroll through a list of movies

**Flixter** is a movies app using the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

Time spent: **10** hours spent in total

The following functionality was implemented:

- User sees an app icon on the home screen and a styled launch screen.
- User can view a list of movies currently playing in theaters from The Movie Database.
- Poster images are loaded using the UIImageView category in the AFNetworking library.
- User sees a loading state while waiting for the movies API.
- User can pull to refresh the movie list.
- User sees an error message when there's a networking error.
- User can tap a tab bar button to view a grid layout of Movie Posters using a CollectionView.

- User can tap a poster in the collection view to see a detail screen of that movie
- User can search for a movie.
- User can view a movie trailer by clicking on the movie backdrop image. 
- [ ] All images fade in as they are loading.
- [ ] User can view the large movie poster by tapping on a cell.
- [ ] For the large poster, load the low resolution image first and then switch to the high resolution image when complete.
- [ ] Run your app on a real device.


## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [Kap](https://getkap.co/).

## Notes
### Challenges During Building
- Configuring Table and Collection Views
- Refactoring code while adding features
- Filtering search results with the search bar
- Creating the API request for the movie trailer


## Credits
- [AFNetworking](https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking) - networking task library
